Basis functions, grid defaults, and other defaults
for chemical elements ("species"), for copy-paste
into the FHI-aims input file "control.in". These 
settings are deliberately kept openly visible, as an
invitation to verify / optimize if needed. 
Three full versions (all elements) are provided:

      - "light" 
      - "tight" 
      - "really_tight" 

Please refer to the manual (Sec. 2.2) for a quick
overview of their purpose. We here repeat only that
many DFT-LDA/GGA production tasks (e.g.,
pre-relaxation) can and should first be done at the
"light" level, while the "tight" level then allow a
more detailed verification / post-convergence of
all results. Finally, "really_tight" is provided in
case stringent convergence tests are required - for
example, when trying out larger basis sets ("tier
3", "tier 4" etc.). Note that production
calculations should not simply be run at at the
"really_tight" level out of precaution. Of course,
there may be good reasons to use modified
really_tight for specific tasks where convergence is
more subtle and requires checking by hand, such as
in MP2, GW, RPA, i.e., the methods that involve the
unoccupied spectrum explicitly.

In addition, some further preconstructed
special-purpose species defaults are provided in a
"non-standard" subdirectory. 

Particularly relevant additional species defaults include:

* NAO-VCC-XZ : "Correlation consistent" numeric atom-centered
               orbital basis sets for elements 1-20 by
               Igor Ying Zhang and coworkers for FHI. These
               basis sets are meant for methods that sum over
               unoccupied states explicitly, such as RPA, 
               MP2, or GW, and where a systematic convergence
               of the total energy is desired. For standard
               DFT-LDA/GGA, the usual FHI-aims "light", "tight'
               or "really_tight" species defaults are sufficient.

* gaussian_tight_770 : Collection of species defaults for use 
               with the Gaussian-type orbital reference basis sets
               by Dunning and others, also compiled by Igor Ying Zhang.
               These species defaults can be
               used for exact comparisons with Gaussian-type orbital
               based codes. Note that FHI-aims still performs all
               its operations numerically, not using the analytical
               integration techniques of quantum chemistry that are
               a consequence of the Gaussian shape. It is also
               necessary to use much tighter integration grids for
               these benchmark calculations than is normally the
               case with FHI-aims - i.e., these species_defaults are not
               meant for routine production calculations.

* light_194 :  Partial example of how to edit the light species defaults for
               very fast qualitative molecular dynamics calculations, sampling
               etc. The restriction of the angular grids to 194 points max.
               per radial shell is not recommended for definitive calculations,
               however.
